How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff only displayed the lines with the difference between the two versions of files

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of the file shows me how the file evolved throughout 
    the development process and allows me to go to any previous version

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros of manually committing is that you only commit when you are ready to do so 
    and you are in control of what you are committing. It also allows you to make a commit for each
    logical feature change and avoid cluttering your commit history with unnecessary commits. 
    The cons is that you may lose your progress for one reason or another before committing

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   GIT allows to commit multiple files at once because they may be interdependent
    so that a change made to one file may impact other files. If a commit contains
    files that have not changed since the last commit, they won't be any impact on
    those files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log is used to see the whole history of commits
    git diff is used to see the difference between 2 commits
    commits are classified from most recent to least. The most recent (or last commit) is on top.	

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control gives me more confidence to experiment because I know that at any moment,
   I could go to the most current and stable version using GIT or any previous version for that matter
   using git checkout then the commit SHA1 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use GIT to merge changes, to create new branches for my directory and to collaborate on projects.
